_12/09-2010: 2.6.1_
  * Fixed immediate crash on non-multitouch devices.

_12/09-2010: 2.6.0_
  * Multitouch! Not perfect, but not bad. :)
  * Rotation fix for devices with non-standard default rotation (ie. landscape)
  * Rotation option for devices that show wrong side up.
  * 2.2 devices get soft button light turned off
  * Facebook signout fixed
  * Rotation image reload made slightly smoother.
  * Exif reading fixed.
  * Various bugfixes

_06/09-2010: 2.5.7_
  * Fix crash when rotating while finishing download of large image.

_06/09-2010: 2.5.6_
  * Showing old image when rotating after new image is selected but not yet loaded, fixed.

_05/09-2010: 2.5.5_
  * Added much needed warning that high resolution thumbnails might crash phone. :(

_05/09-2010: 2.5.4_
  * Removed some initial multitouch code that crashed pre-2.1update-1 phones. Sorry about that.

_05/09-2010: 2.5.3_
  * More image speeds available.
  * Tweaks to lower memory usage.
  * Focused images look better.
  * Read Exif data on capable devices.
  * HD display errors fixed.
  * Minior language fixes.
  * Feeds should be added faster.
  * Error when rotating selected image fixed.

_18/08-2010: 2.5.2_
  * Fixed appearance bugs on manage feeds view.
  * Made it possible to view hidden files when selecting feed directory, through the menu.

_15/08-2010: 2.5.1_
  * Preventing the user from rewinding too far (about a screen length), as the images will just repeat.
  * Fix Picasa Album view.
  * Show who owns the seleted album in the feed manager.
  * The speed of the floating stream is now adjustable.
  * Small UI fixes here and there.

_08/08-2010: 2.5.0_
  * Manual image rotation
  * Improved image source management.
  * Option for high quality thumbnails
  * Image sharing (Share URL on online images).
  * Certain bugs killed.
  * High res launcher icon

_05/07-2010: 2.4.8_
  * Full Picasa support, login and all
  * Froyo App on SD-card support

_27/06-2010: 2.4.7_
  * Much improved Flickr support.

_19/06-2010 (30 minutes later): 2.4.6_
  * Thinking about it, the fix from the previous version introduced different bugs. Should be fixed now.

_19/06-2010: 2.4.5_
  * Strange image swapping bug fixed. Should also remove some memory leaks. Fun stuff!
  * Option whether details are shown is once again remembered. 

_13/06-2010: 2.4.4_
  * Friend facebook support
  * Flickr authentication
  * Ability to sign out of facebook

_24/05-2010: 2.4.3_
  * Anti-aliasing!! (Requires Nexus One style hardware - Won't work on Magic)
  * Facebook support
  * Strange image swapping fixed
  * Samsung moment/spica bugfix

_19/05-2010: 2.4.2_
  * More bugfixes

_18/05-2010: 2.4.1_
  * Bugfixes

_17/05-2010: 2.4.0_
  * New On Screen Display
  * Optimizations for large display devices (Nexus One, etc)
  * General bugfixes
  * Somehow I broke Samsung support again. :(

_18/04-2010: 2.3.16_
  * Basic Picasa support added.
  * Swipe to move to next image added.

_10/04-2010: 2.3.15_
  * Larger images are used, scaled to screen size.
  * Shuffle is now actually used.
  * Changed settings strings.
  * Not adding local images to image cache (though this might be a good idea?)
  * Not restarting renderer every time you return from sub-activity.
  * More images can be set as background.

_09/04-2010: 2.3.13, 2.3.14_
  * Fixed rather nasty bugs, among which: 

  - Splash screen time dependant on how stream search.

  - Image feeding bugs fixed.

_07/04-2010: 2.3.12_
  * Bug where no images appear fixed. You really should mail me about this, I cannot contact you if you just write something in the comments! :(

_07/04-2010: 2.3.11_
  * Minor restructuring to allow for different display modes.
  * Basic slideshow transitions implemented (still none for floating image)
  * You can now choose if your images should be shuffled or not.

_29/03-2010: 2.3.10_
  * Major restructuring of code to allow for more dynamic content.
  * Specific Flickr feeds supported.
  * 2MB+ images now supported (artificial cap removed)
  * Infobar etc now also fade out, not only in.

_21/03-2010: 2.3.9_

  * Per request the fullscreen option is now saved across sessions, so you no longer have to set it every time.

_21/03-2010: 2.3.8_

  * Fixed bug where info bar was repeated, when it spanned more than 512 pixels.
  * Fixed "show local folder" bug.

_24/02-2010: 2.3.7_

  * Nasty bug filling up the feeds fixed. Sorry about that.
  * Clear all button added to local feeds (This should have a warning - nothing now).

_16/02-2010: 2.3.6_

In the spirit of release early, release very very often:
  * Back button will deselect selected image. If no image is selected, default behavior (quit program).

_15/02-2010: 2.3.5_
  * Hopefully I have fixed some of the problems writing to a perfectly fine sd-card.
  * Version is now saved in preferences, so even if there's no sd-card the program should stop resetting constantly.

_14/02-2010: 2.3.4_

My brother insisted I enabled four axis rotation, so there you go...
  * Four axis rotation added. :)

_14/02-2010: 2.3.3_

I finally sqeezed in a small update. Oh, and Floating Image just reached 10.000 downloads!
  * Ability to save image to disk added.
  * Ability to set flickr image as background added. The same will happen for local images eventually.
  * (Hopefully) Better scrolling
  * Some performance adjustments.
  * Delay before rotating screen removed.

_06/01-2010: 2.3.2_

Bugfixes:
 * Image picking is now correct
 * Picking bug when resuming from viewing an image in horizontal mode.

_05/01-2010: 2.3.1_
  * Fixed fullscreen bug.

_05/01-2010: 2.3.0_

Happy New Year!
  * Full screen option added
  * Show folder option added (Show only folder, it will take a while for the folder to fill the entire stream)
  * Randomizing random photo stream.

_30/12-2009: 2.2.0_
  * Live rotation.
  * New splash screen and icon, courtesy Mikkel Gjøl (Same goes for creative input, shadows and background).
  * Support for running with no SD-card (Previously it crashed hard, now it warns the user, and is flaky).

_28/12-2009: 2.1.1_

Yeck! Another bug! I suck!
  * Control locks under certain circumstances when selecting an image.

_28/12-2009: 2.1.0_

Yeck! A bug:
  * Bug where images are displayed badly at startup removed.
  * Progress bar for loading images added.
  * Minor UI changes

_28/12-2009: 2.0.0_

I found time to do a little coding over a weekend, so finally some updates:
  * Multiple display sizes support, also horizontal mode.
  * Background changed from black.
  * Stream fades out when an image is selected.
  * Image information fades in.
  * Images now have shadows (Except for new images, they still glow).
  * Images are by default slighly more messy, by being rotated.
  * Images brought to focus using smoothstep rather than linear motion.
  * Local feeds (images on the phone) are now user definable.
  * General optimizations.

_Some time in early December_

Google/code page is up! This, after a month or two with no development (Travel / Lots of work). Hopefully this will change soon.